Use blockly and closure library as git submodules (#108)
gasolin/BlocklyDuino: README.md

1. Open browser to BlocklyDuino, drag and drop blocks to make an Arduino program.
2. Select the 'Arduino' tab and press the 'Upload' button. (press the 'Reset' button to upload an empty program)

### Developpers
To work on BlocklyDuino, you need google blockly, google closure and python

> - Clone the repository with submodules : `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/philippejadin/BlocklyDuino`

Reviewer: could be point to https://github.com/BlocklyDuino/BlocklyDuino

Author: Yes ! I wanted to be sure people clone the correct repository, chicken and egg problem. But I'll correct it already.

Note that for this to work, people also need to checkout the v2 branch. On my fork, I seted up v2 as the main branch. 
```suggestion
- Clone the repository with submodules : `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/BlocklyDuino/BlocklyDuino`
- Checkout the v2 branch : `git checkout v2`
```

1. Open browser to BlocklyDuino, drag and drop blocks to make an Arduino program.
2. Select the 'Arduino' tab and press the 'Upload' button. (press the 'Reset' button to upload an empty program)

### Developpers
To work on BlocklyDuino, you need google blockly, google closure and python

- Clone the repository with submodules : `git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/BlocklyDuino/BlocklyDuino`

> - Checkout the v2 branch : `git checkout v2`

Reviewer: We can do clone in 3 steps as well
1. Clone the repository `git clone https://github.com/BlocklyDuino/BlocklyDuino`
2. Checkout the v2 branch : `git checkout v2`
3. Update submodules `git submodule update --init`
